may come in sir
yes
[Music]
oh you must be the delivery guy leave it
on the table
[Music]
no sir i'm here for an interview
you is it is this some kind of joke no
sir i have an appointment what do you
think you can do for a company besides
your accent
i have two degrees sir and back in my
country i used to be a ceo in the
industry i sit down
yeah
this won't take long
this is my dream job sir and if you give
me a chance
[Music]
what we have an opening for a janitor
you can start tomorrow
[Music]
but that's not what i'm hearing listen
do you want the job or not because if
not don't let the door hit you in the
rear on the way out
how'd it go
[Music]
do you want to tell me about it
yes but
it wasn't what i expected
what do you mean
[Music]
janitor they gave you a job as a janitor
and you said yes it was the fifth
company this week
[Music]
at least they gave me a uniform
we need the money the janitor is better
than nothing yeah the landlord called
again today he gave us another week
and he said this is our final notice
[Music]
give me some time
everything will work out
i have no doubt in my mind that it will
work out
but sometimes you do
please have faith in yourself
[Music]
did you call for me sir
uh yeah i spilled some coffee on the
desk clean it up
[Music]
okay so the boss wants this project to
be a game changer he needs something
remarkable and innovative as you see
in 2015 we weren't doing very well
mr white
yeah i heard what you were talking about
at the meeting
is it possible i mean
can i offer my project please
you
what do you know about it i have a
master's degree in electrical
engineering sir
i know this topic inside of course you
do
yeah you can do it but remember the
deadline is tomorrow you might have to
stay up all night to do the work but uh
go ahead buddy knock yourself out thank
you so much sir thank you
what an idiot
[Music]
honey i washed your uniform for you for
tomorrow
why aren't you sleeping yet
i'm almost finished do you have to wake
up in three hours
only this is going to be huge
when they see what i can do
i'm sure i'll get a promotion
i know
mr smith called again by the way
and he was complaining about this and
that and he said we
[Music]
[Applause]
mr lee
what's this the project that i've been
working on you said i could try it oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay uh i guess i
can take a look at it
so what do you think
it's very good
silly
you're talented thank you very much i'll
show this to the boss and i'm sure he'll
appreciate it
thank you so much
oh and miguel
some idiot plugged up the sink in the
bathroom so uh you got a lot of work to
do
and remember your work is really
important
[Music]
i'm sorry i'm late sir uh you'd better
have something fantastic today oh yes
this is revolutionary this is exactly
what this company needs
of course i haven't had time to do all
of the project yet but um i'm sure you
this is gonna break the bank i estimate
that we will have all the planning done
by the falls
i'm asking you one more time who did
this
yeah
that was our janitor um i told him that
was terrible right away but he must have
put it back in the files when i wasn't
looking yeah you have some discipline
right the janitors go through the files
what if he's a spy from another company
did you ever think of that get him here
now all right yes
you get in here let's go
[Music]
here you sir
did you do this project
yesterday
[Music]
this is brilliant
you're a genius
thank you sir
i want you to make this project happen
but boss i'm the supervisor of this
project you didn't see the talent in
this guy because of your stupid
prejudice you endangered the fate of our
company because of your idiotic views
you almost robbed us of a promising
employee all i hear from you are just
excuses and he's done this less than a
week you're a waste of space white
you're fired
what what what do you mean
we have a vacancy
welcome on board
thank you so much
[Music]
hey
what are you doing here
i told you to get out if you don't pay
until the end of the week i'm sorry mr
smith i'm waiting for my husband as soon
as he gets back from work we will take
our stuff and we will leave you are
trying my patience
mr smith
good evening
i'm sorry we've been having some trouble
getting the money together lately no
need to apologize just get out
[Music]
here
this should be everything we owe you
[Music]
there is axe right here
keep it for next month
[Music]
bye
but how
because you believed in me